#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Requirement Specification for Online Notice Board
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
\shape italic
\size large
\color blue
Notice Board
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quotation
A notice board is a place where people can leave public message.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quotation
Online Notice board is web application which engaged in providing up-to-date
 articles and notice and other information's for all user or student associated
 with the particular campus or department.
 The paper aims at, how the online notice board can improve the efficiency
 of the student when it comes to gaining the information from the college.
 Online notice board is one of the applications to improve the usage of
 notice board of the university by making it available online.
 This web application helps the students to retrieve all the notices and
 articles through the cell phones , laptops and computers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout LyX-Code

\series bold
\shape italic
\size large
\color brown
Advantage
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
It isn't required to going at University Notice board see information regariding
 to any event or advertise or a message.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The university easily posts all types of message on the notice board.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Students can easily go through the notices the through their logins.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The management authorities can automatically set to active/deactive a given
 notice for a given time period thus thus helping in authorimizing the posting
 and removal of notices after the given time period.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The management authorities can automatically set to active/deactive the
 notice incase the university/department wants to remove the notice bearing
 wrong message.
\end_layout

\begin_layout LyX-Code

\family roman
\series bold
\shape italic
\size large
\color brown
Disadvantage
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
It is a wasting a time also.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
To see notice students or user can require register themselves, otherwise
 they will be not able to see notice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout LyX-Code

\family roman
\series bold
\shape italic
\size large
\color brown
Perform Requirement Gathering
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Do you need the notice on the web based online notice board?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
How often do you read notice from the physical notice board?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
In your opinion the web interface is?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
In your opinion moving from the paper based and locations restricted model
 to the web based model is good or bad?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Should the web based notice board replicate the information from the paper
 based version or should not it be easy to update notice by user?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
How does posting notices in a website compare to posting then in the physical
 notice board?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
In your opinion how can we make the notice posting process an easy and time
 saving one?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
In your opinion how this online Notice Board can be improved?
\end_layout

\begin_layout LyX-Code

\family roman
\series bold
\shape italic
\size large
\color brown
Specification on protyping model
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quotation
A customer define a set of general objects for software.
 but does not identity detailed requirements for functions and features.
 In other cases the developers may be ensure of the efficiency of an algorithm.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quotation
the adapt ability of an operating system or the form that human machine
 interaction should take.
 The prototype paradism assists you and other stakeholders to better understand
 what is to be built when requirements are fuzzy.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
